# Source Code Discovery Tool
The tool is used to do the Source Code Discovery before injecting it for CAST Analysis. This helps in
 * Unzipping the source code provided by customer
 * Cleaning up the source code
 * Visualizing the technologies and calculating the amount of source code provided by customer in terms of LOC and number of files
 * Calculating the amount of SQL artifacts (Tables, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Funtions) procided by customer and giving an idea if any duplicate artifacts are there.

## Installation
* No installation is required as the tool is in the form of an executable(.exe). 
* Download the latest release of the Source Discovery Tool from https://github.com/CAST-Extend/com.castsoftware.uc.sourcediscovery/releases

## Usage
The tool is designed to run on the command line using only one parameter, <Source Code Zip Path>.

    Double click on SourceDiscovery.exe and it will ask for the source code zip path.
    Provide the path and press enter.

# Configuration file
The Source Discovery Tool is configured using a plain text file (properties.txt).  The file consits of only one parameter to set the output path of reports generated by the tool after execution.  

### Output
This tool generates several outputs based on the various tasks it perform during the execution:
  * Cleanup Source code - Generate output in .txt file having information about what all files and folders are been deleted during this task.
  * Cloc Ouput - Generates an output in the form of an excel file which consists of:
    * Summary of CLOC output before and after the Source Code cleanup
    * CLOC output specifying the Technology, Number of Files, Blanks, Comments, LOC (Lines of Code) and Applicable technologies for CAST analysis 
  * SQl Discovery : Generates an output in the form of an excel file which consists of: 
    * Summary of SQL artifacts (Tables, Stored Procs, Views, Triggers, Functions) found in the .sql files delivered along with source code.
    * Sheet per SQL artifact having information about the Name of the artifacts, count and information if the table is duplicated

